---
title: cy2021
description: All the challenges that I could solve for 2021
tags: binary, web, crypto
---

# Final Standing: 57 / 1590

### <ins> Binary </ins>
1. be01 - The pdf is a zip file. unzip the zip files multiple times
2. be02 - Use ghidra to reverse the binary. Saw that there is a check for number of characters less that 0x21, so I put 0x21 characters and got the flag. 
3. bm01 - I created three breakpoints. The one at puts@plt is the most useful. Using gdb, I looked at the info at memory loction 0x5555554009c0 using x/20s 0x5555554009c0, and it revealed the russian translation of the phrase "hammer123". 
4. bm02 - I used ghidra to reverse the binary and found the printflag function. I copy and pasted it with some minor fixes, and ran the code as a C program.
5. bm03 - I broke at 0x555555400795 using gdb and changed the $edi parameter to 6. I used the value 6 after using ghidra to look at the output function. 


### <ins> Crypto </ins>
1. cm01 - Xor the images.
2. cm02 - This is simple substitution cipher. Just replace the emojis with alphanumeric characters.
3. ch01 - Common modulo attack
4. ch02 - Guess the crib and then slowly decrypt analytically.

### <ins> Forensics </ins>
1. fe01 - Using goldfynch which is found here, <a href="https://goldfynch.com/pst-viewer/"> https://goldfynch.com/pst-viewer/ </a>, I can view the emails that were sent. One of them contains the flag, and another contains the password to open it which can be found in the Calendar folder in the email entitled "Meeting with Chris". 
2. fe02 - Use CentralOps <a href="https://centralops.net/co/"> https://centralops.net/co/ </a> to find the DNS records of the website, which also contains the flag.
3. fe03 - find . -type f | xargs strings | grep -i flag
4. fe04 - I wrote a simple python script that fit the parameters specified by the challenge.
5. fm01 - I used exiftool to read the file.
6. 

### <ins> Networking </ins>
1. ne01 - I used nmap to scan the top ports, and nc to connect to them.
2. nm01 - I wrote a simple script that allows me to automatically connect to the server and port to retrieve the flag.

### <ins> Web </ins>
1. we01 - Run what you see in a javascript engine.
2. we02 - Visit robots.txt
3. wm01 - There is an extension called /mii-home. The email is rupert@get-vizual.med.ia. The password turns out to be newyork, and going to the office screen reveals the flag. 
4. wm02 - Visit the site.js page. This page shows the code used for checking the user. We can change the hash of the user by modifying data-user-ref. Guess that the username is "admin_0" and run the code hash("admin_0").split("").reverse().join("") in console. This gives us the hash, and when we replace data-user-ref with this said hash, data-user-name with admin, and data-user-id with 0, we get the flag. 
5. wm03 - There is a php vulnerability associated with the hex value a 0e hash followed by digits is equal to any other 0e hash followed by digits
6. wm04 - There is an injection vulnerability with the characters "{{}}". Use the command globals().__builtins__.__import__("os").popen("ls").read() to see all the values and globals().__builtins__.__import__("os").popen("cat lambda_function.py").read() to see the flag
7. wm05 - I wrote a script to parse the json data received by the post requests made. 
8. wh01 - Spoof the source ip address using curl and header manipulation. 
9. wh02 - Find the .git directory and then open the git files using GitHub Desktop.
10. wx01 - The website is vulnerable to the same jinja injection attack from wm03, and there is another lambda_function.py file. Examining it reveals the JWT key, and we can use this to encode a new token with the role as admin. Examining the lambda_function.py file also reveals the flag

